Bugfix/lrgs lock file (#456)
opendcs/opendcs: docs/source/dev-docs.rst

The lrgs.lock file is currently ignored and docker just kills the process. Currently investigating better ways to 
handle shutdown. Will likely just add a flag to remove the lock file entirely.

> The docker environment no uses the special sequence `lrgsStart -F -k -` to use the NoOpServerLock which causes
> the applications using that Lock to assume it's always valid for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The docker environment now uses the special sequence `lrgsStart -F -k -` to run in the foreground (-F) and use the NoOpServerLock file (-k -)  which causes
the applications using that Lock to assume it's always valid for them.
```
